chore(vercel): Add beta option for status (#9413)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/vercel/README.md

- Only `request` and `context` may be used to produce an `Astro.locals` object. Operations like redirects, etc. should be delegated to Astro middleware.
- `Astro.locals` **must be serializable**. Failing to do so will result in a **runtime error**. This means that you **cannot** store complex types like `Map`, `function`, `Set`, etc.

> ### Node.js Version Support
> 
> The `@astrojs/vercel` adapter supports specific Node.js versions for deploying your Astro project on Vercel. To view the supported Node.js versions, click on the settings tab for a project and scroll down to "Node.js Version" section. The supported versions are categorized as 'current', 'beta', and 'deprecated'. Each category represents the support status of that Node.js version:
> 
> - **Current**: Fully supported and recommended for use.
> - **Beta**: Newer versions that are in beta. These are available for testing and early adoption.
> - **Deprecated**: Versions that are no longer recommended and scheduled for removal on a specific date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Node.js Version Support

The `@astrojs/vercel` adapter supports specific Node.js versions for deploying your Astro project on Vercel. To view the supported Node.js versions on Vercel, click on the settings tab for a project and scroll down to "Node.js Version" section.

Check out the [Vercel documentation](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/serverless-functions/runtimes/node-js#default-and-available-versions) to learn more.
```
I think it makes more sense because this way, we do not need to keep this doc in sync with Vercel.

- Only `request` and `context` may be used to produce an `Astro.locals` object. Operations like redirects, etc. should be delegated to Astro middleware.
- `Astro.locals` **must be serializable**. Failing to do so will result in a **runtime error**. This means that you **cannot** store complex types like `Map`, `function`, `Set`, etc.

To update the `README.md` file for the `@astrojs/vercel` package to reflect your recent changes, you should include a new section that documents the changes made to the `SUPPORTED_NODE_VERSIONS` and the behavior of the `validateRuntime` function. This will ensure that users are aware of the new Node.js versions supported and the addition of the 'beta' status for certain versions.

Here's a suggested addition to the `README.md` file:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
